Added validation info to documentation for ssm contacts (#32813)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws: website/docs/r/ssmcontacts_contact.html.markdown

The following arguments are required:

> - `alias` - (Required) A unique and identifiable alias for the contact or escalation plan. 1-50 characters, a-z, 0-9, _ (underscore), and - (hyphen).

Reviewer: Tweaked the phrasing a bit in this suggestion. I also noticed in the [API documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/incident-manager/latest/APIReference/API_SSMContacts_CreateContact.html) that the upper limit appears to be 255 characters.

```suggestion
- `alias` - (Required) A unique and identifiable alias for the contact or escalation plan. Must be between 1 and 255 characters, and may contain alphanumerics, underscores (`_`), and hyphens (`-`).
```

- `type` - (Required) The type of contact engaged. A single contact is type PERSONAL and an escalation
  plan is type ESCALATION.

The following arguments are optional:

> - `display_name` - (Optional) Full friendly name of the contact or escalation plan. 1-255 characters, alphanumeric, _ (underscore), - (hyphen), and spaces.

Reviewer: Similar tweaks to phrasing here. I noted in the [API documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/incident-manager/latest/APIReference/API_SSMContacts_CreateContact.html) that periods are also accepted.

```suggestion
- `display_name` - (Optional) Full friendly name of the contact or escalation plan. If set, must be between 1 and 255 characters, and may contain alphanumerics, underscores (`_`), hyphens (`-`), periods (`.`), and spaces.
```
